% Options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode}{hyperref}
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
\PassOptionsToPackage{dvipsnames,svgnames,x11names}{xcolor}
%
\documentclass[
  letterpaper,
  DIV=11,
  numbers=noendperiod]{scrartcl}

\usepackage{amsmath,amssymb}
\usepackage{iftex}
\ifPDFTeX
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provide euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xetex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Scale=MatchLowercase}
  \defaultfontfeatures[\rmfamily]{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=1}
\fi
\usepackage{lmodern}
\ifPDFTeX\else  
    % xetex/luatex font selection
  \setmainfont[]{TeX Gyre Pagella}
  \setsansfont[]{TeX Gyre Pagella}
\fi
% Use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{% use microtype if available
  \usepackage[]{microtype}
  \UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\makeatletter
\@ifundefined{KOMAClassName}{% if non-KOMA class
  \IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
    \usepackage{parskip}
  }{% else
    \setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
    \setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}}
}{% if KOMA class
  \KOMAoptions{parskip=half}}
\makeatother
\usepackage{xcolor}
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em} % prevent overfull lines
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{5}
% Make \paragraph and \subparagraph free-standing
\ifx\paragraph\undefined\else
  \let\oldparagraph\paragraph
  \renewcommand{\paragraph}[1]{\oldparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi
\ifx\subparagraph\undefined\else
  \let\oldsubparagraph\subparagraph
  \renewcommand{\subparagraph}[1]{\oldsubparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi


\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}\usepackage{longtable,booktabs,array}
\usepackage{calc} % for calculating minipage widths
% Correct order of tables after \paragraph or \subparagraph
\usepackage{etoolbox}
\makeatletter
\patchcmd\longtable{\par}{\if@noskipsec\mbox{}\fi\par}{}{}
\makeatother
% Allow footnotes in longtable head/foot
\IfFileExists{footnotehyper.sty}{\usepackage{footnotehyper}}{\usepackage{footnote}}
\makesavenoteenv{longtable}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
% Set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother
\newlength{\cslhangindent}
\setlength{\cslhangindent}{1.5em}
\newlength{\csllabelwidth}
\setlength{\csllabelwidth}{3em}
\newlength{\cslentryspacingunit} % times entry-spacing
\setlength{\cslentryspacingunit}{\parskip}
\newenvironment{CSLReferences}[2] % #1 hanging-ident, #2 entry spacing
 {% don't indent paragraphs
  \setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
  % turn on hanging indent if param 1 is 1
  \ifodd #1
  \let\oldpar\par
  \def\par{\hangindent=\cslhangindent\oldpar}
  \fi
  % set entry spacing
  \setlength{\parskip}{#2\cslentryspacingunit}
 }%
 {}
\usepackage{calc}
\newcommand{\CSLBlock}[1]{#1\hfill\break}
\newcommand{\CSLLeftMargin}[1]{\parbox[t]{\csllabelwidth}{#1}}
\newcommand{\CSLRightInline}[1]{\parbox[t]{\linewidth - \csllabelwidth}{#1}\break}
\newcommand{\CSLIndent}[1]{\hspace{\cslhangindent}#1}

\KOMAoption{captions}{tableheading}
\makeatletter
\makeatother
\makeatletter
\makeatother
\makeatletter
\@ifpackageloaded{caption}{}{\usepackage{caption}}
\AtBeginDocument{%
\ifdefined\contentsname
  \renewcommand*\contentsname{Table of contents}
\else
  \newcommand\contentsname{Table of contents}
\fi
\ifdefined\listfigurename
  \renewcommand*\listfigurename{List of Figures}
\else
  \newcommand\listfigurename{List of Figures}
\fi
\ifdefined\listtablename
  \renewcommand*\listtablename{List of Tables}
\else
  \newcommand\listtablename{List of Tables}
\fi
\ifdefined\figurename
  \renewcommand*\figurename{Figure}
\else
  \newcommand\figurename{Figure}
\fi
\ifdefined\tablename
  \renewcommand*\tablename{Table}
\else
  \newcommand\tablename{Table}
\fi
}
\@ifpackageloaded{float}{}{\usepackage{float}}
\floatstyle{ruled}
\@ifundefined{c@chapter}{\newfloat{codelisting}{h}{lop}}{\newfloat{codelisting}{h}{lop}[chapter]}
\floatname{codelisting}{Listing}
\newcommand*\listoflistings{\listof{codelisting}{List of Listings}}
\makeatother
\makeatletter
\@ifpackageloaded{caption}{}{\usepackage{caption}}
\@ifpackageloaded{subcaption}{}{\usepackage{subcaption}}
\makeatother
\makeatletter
\@ifpackageloaded{tcolorbox}{}{\usepackage[skins,breakable]{tcolorbox}}
\makeatother
\makeatletter
\@ifundefined{shadecolor}{\definecolor{shadecolor}{rgb}{.97, .97, .97}}
\makeatother
\makeatletter
\makeatother
\makeatletter
\makeatother
\ifLuaTeX
  \usepackage{selnolig}  % disable illegal ligatures
\fi
\IfFileExists{bookmark.sty}{\usepackage{bookmark}}{\usepackage{hyperref}}
\IfFileExists{xurl.sty}{\usepackage{xurl}}{} % add URL line breaks if available
\urlstyle{same} % disable monospaced font for URLs
\hypersetup{
  pdftitle={The elephant in the room: p-hacking and accounting research},
  pdfauthor={Ian D. Gow},
  colorlinks=true,
  linkcolor={blue},
  filecolor={Maroon},
  citecolor={Blue},
  urlcolor={Blue},
  pdfcreator={LaTeX via pandoc}}

\title{The elephant in the room: p-hacking and accounting research}
\author{Ian D. Gow\footnote{University of Melbourne,
  \href{mailto:ian.gow@unimelb.edu.au}{\nolinkurl{ian.gow@unimelb.edu.au}}}}
\date{8 August 2023}

\begin{document}
\maketitle
\begin{abstract}
Ohlson (2023) draws on his experience in empirical accounting seminars
to identify five ``elephants in the room''. I interpret each of these
elephants as either a variant or a symptom of p-hacking. I provide
evidence of the prevalence of p-hacking in accounting research that
complements the observations made by Ohlson (2023). In this paper, I
identify a number of steps that could be taken to reduce p-hacking in
accounting research. I conjecture that facilitating and encouraging
replication alone could have profound effects on the quality and
quantity of empirical accounting research.
\end{abstract}
\ifdefined\Shaded\renewenvironment{Shaded}{\begin{tcolorbox}[borderline west={3pt}{0pt}{shadecolor}, sharp corners, frame hidden, enhanced, breakable, interior hidden, boxrule=0pt]}{\end{tcolorbox}}\fi

\hypertarget{five-elephants-or-one}{%
\section{Five elephants or one?}\label{five-elephants-or-one}}

Ohlson (2023) identifies five of what he calls ``elephants in the room''
(or topics considered taboo in seminars). I read these not so much as
five elephants, but as five alternative descriptions of the one
elephant, much like the elephant in the parable of the blind men and an
elephant (Wikipedia, 2023).

What exactly is that elephant in the room? I argue that Ohlson's five
elephants are simply alternative perspectives on the same elephant,
which is p-hacking, a term for a set of practices engaged in by
researchers searching for ``significant'' and ``positive''
results.\footnote{Here ``significant'' refers to statistical
  significance and ``positive'' refers to results that reject so-called
  ``null hypotheses'' and thereby (purportedly) push human knowledge
  forward. As pointed out by Simmons (2018), it is very easy for
  researchers to engage in p-hacking without being conscious that they
  are doing so.} To be sure, this is a very big elephant: I conjecture
that p-hacking is the dominant mode of research in academic accounting
in 2023, and below I provide (admittedly circumstantial) evidence
consistent with this conjecture.

That the basic concern of Ohlson (2023) is with p-hacking is clearest
with the last of his five elephants: ``Issues Related to
`Screen-Picking' and `Data-Snooping'\,'', as terms like
``data-snooping'' are simply synonyms of p-hacking.\footnote{I discuss
  in an appendix below (Section~\ref{sec-other-elephants}) how the
  remaining four elephants relate to p-hacking.} The key insight of
Ohlson (2023) may be in highlighting how merely suggesting the
possibility of p-hacking is taboo (Ohlson, 2023 uses terms such as
``unacceptable,'' ``a personal assault,'' ``too sordid,'' ``testing
ethical boundaries,'' and ``a more or less painful private matter'').

Many researchers appear not to understand how p-hacking vitiates the
whole research endeavour. So if even suggesting the possibility
p-hacking is taboo, it will be much more difficult to address and
accounting research will continue to be a largely pointless
exercise.\footnote{Some researchers agree with the very limited value of
  accounting research with regard to expanding human knowledge, but
  argue that the real value of research is in deciding who gets tenure
  at top universities. But this merely raises the question of the merits
  of making these decisions based on skills related to conducting and
  packaging p-hacked research, which seem unclear to say the least.} I
agree with Ohlson (2023) that we need to confront this ``elephant in the
room'' and make a number of proposals for how we might do so.

In the rest of this paper, I first describe the practice of p-hacking. I
then offer some circumstantial evidence of its prevalence in accounting
research. Finally, I offer some ideas on how to address the
``elephant(s) in the room'' of accounting research.

\hypertarget{the-practice-of-p-hacking}{%
\section{The practice of p-hacking}\label{the-practice-of-p-hacking}}

According to Wigglesworth (2021), Campbell Harvey, professor of finance
at Duke University, suggests that ``at least half of the 400 supposedly
market-beating strategies identified in top financial journals over the
years are bogus.'' Harvey (2017) cites research suggesting that 90\% of
published studies report the ``significant'' and ``positive'' results.
Reporting ``positive'' results is important not only for getting
published, but also for attracting citations, which drive behaviour for
both researchers and journals.

Simmons et al. (2011, p. 1359) provide analyses that ``demonstrate how
unacceptably easy it is to accumulate (and report) statistically
significant evidence for a false hypothesis \ldots{} {[}how{]}
flexibility in data collection, analysis, and reporting dramatically
increases actual false-positive rates.'' They attribute this flexibility
to \textbf{researcher degrees of freedom}: ``In the course of collecting
and analyzing data, researchers have many decisions to make: Should more
data be collected? Should some observations be excluded? Which
conditions should be combined and which ones compared? Which control
variables should be considered? Should specific measures be combined or
transformed or both?'' (Simmons et al., 2011, p. 1359)

It is important to note that p-hacking does not require academic
misconduct or unethical behaviour. Simmons et al. (2011, p. 1359)
suggest that ambiguity in how to make research design choices along with
a ``researcher's desire to find a statistically significant result'' are
sufficient conditions for p-hacking to exist.\footnote{Journal
  preferences for ``significant'' and ``positive'' results could lead to
  ``results'' that are effectively p-hacked even if researcher's are not
  individually seeking ``results''.}

An excessive focus on academic misconduct---such as fraudulent
manipulation of data---may in fact be a distraction. Simmons (2018)
suggests that ``fraud is out there \ldots{} but it's not very common.''
Instead, p-hacking is ``the main culprit'' behind the failure of many
studies to replicate (suggesting they are not correct). By focusing on
academic misconduct, we risk spending a lot of effort on a smaller
problem and missing the elephant in the room.\footnote{Inevitably and
  understandably, the burden of proof is much higher for accusations of
  academic misconduct, so the costs of showing it are much higher.}
Additionally, there is a risk that academic misconduct and p-hacking get
unnecessarily conflated, leading to undue harm to the reputation of
researchers flagged as engaging in p-hacking, even though its practice
seems widespread.

Bloomfield et al. (2018, p. 317) suggest that ``almost all peer-reviewed
articles in social science are published under'' what they call \ldots{}
the Traditional Editorial Process (or TEP). Under the TEP, ``authors
gather their data, analyze it, and write and revise their manuscripts
repeatedly before sending them to editors.'' As such authors have access
to many researcher degrees of freedom.

An alternative to the TEP is what Bloomfield et al. (2018) call the
Registration-based Editorial Process (REP). According to Bloomfield et
al. (2018, p. 317), ``under REP, authors propose a plan to gather and
analyze data to test their predictions. Journals send promising
proposals to one or more reviewers and recommend revisions. Authors are
given the opportunity to review their proposal in response, often
multiple times, before the proposal is either rejected or granted
in-principle acceptance \ldots{} regardless of whether {[}subsequent{]}
results support their predictions.'' The REP is intended to eliminate
research degrees of freedom and the questionable research practices that
these permit.\footnote{There are two important elements of the REP that
  affect p-hacking. First, the requirement to specify analytical
  procedures in advance of having the data is intended to eliminate
  p-hacking. However, in practice, it can be difficult to specify every
  detail of data analysis and some researcher degrees of freedom can
  remain. For example, researchers might choose to conduct and include
  supplementary analyses if the pre-specified analyses do not yield
  statistically significant results. Second, a journal will typically
  commit to publishing the resulting study whether there are
  statistically significant results or not. This is intended to limit
  incentives for p-hacking (and also to produce a more faithful research
  record). However, if authors are concerned about citations of their
  papers, they may still have incentives to p-hack if there are enough
  researcher degrees of freedom to do so.}

The \emph{Journal of Accounting Research} (JAR) conducted a trial of the
REP for its
\href{https://research.chicagobooth.edu/arc/journal-of-accounting-research/jar-annual-conference/conference-web-casts/2017}{annual
conference held in May 2017}. Unfortunately, it is unlikely that the REP
will replace the TEP to any great extent in the foreseeable future. The
REP is feasible when data are generated in randomized controlled trials
(RCTs), as the data simply do not exist when the report is
registered.\footnote{See Chambers et al. (2014) for more on the
  historical antecendents of the REP.} In contrast, most empirical
accounting research uses existing archival data, which often makes it
impossible to register a report before being able to look at the
data.\footnote{For example, if I am testing a hypothesis using data from
  CRSP and Compustat, I cannot credibly promise that I have not looked
  at the data before submitting my report. In principle, one could
  propose a study that only uses future data from CRSP and Compustat,
  but this seems unlikely to be popular in a discipline accustomed to
  hundreds of thousands of observations.}

\hypertarget{evidence-of-p-hacking}{%
\section{Evidence of p-hacking}\label{evidence-of-p-hacking}}

\hypertarget{conversational-evidence}{%
\subsection{Conversational evidence}\label{conversational-evidence}}

The contention of Ohlson (2023) that raising issues related to p-hacking
is taboo in empirical accounting seminars seems very plausible. Outside
of papers like Simmons et al. (2011) that aim to demonstrate the
``power'' of p-hacking, we generally only see circumstantial evidence of
p-hacking in the papers themselves.\footnote{I discuss such evidence
  below.} But sometimes (outside of seminars!) researchers can be fairly
candid about their research process.

I must have had countless conversations where a colleague or student is
examining the effect of \(X\) on \(y_1\) and my natural response has
been to ask whether some other variables would be the more natural
things to examine instead of \(y_1\) and the response is something like
``we looked at those other variables and they didn't work''. This
practice of ``reporting only experiments that `work'\,'' while
discarding results that ``don't work'' is another well-known researcher
degree of freedom discussed by Simmons et al. (2011, p. 1364), and is
known as the \textbf{file-drawer problem} (because experiments that
don't ``work'' are put in a file-drawer).

A more brazen form of p-hacking is trawling through a data set until
correlations are found, at which point the challenge is to devise an
``interesting'' causal story to go with it. I have had conversations
suggesting that research for some involves searching for a
``significant'' correlation and \emph{then} developing a hypothesis to
``predict'' it. This form of p-hacking is known as \textbf{HARKing}
(from ``Hypothesizing After Results are Known'').

To illustrate, consider the
\href{http://tylervigen.com/spurious-correlations}{spurious correlations
website} provided by Tyler Vigen.\footnote{Available at
  \url{http://tylervigen.com/spurious-correlations}.} This site lists a
number of evidently spurious correlations, such as the 99.26\%
correlation between the divorce rate in Maine and margarine consumption
or the 99.79\% correlation between US spending on science, space, and
technology and suicides by hanging, strangulation and suffocation. The
correlations are deemed spurious because normal human beings have strong
prior beliefs that there is no underlying causal relation explaining
these correlations. Instead, these are regarded as mere coincidence.

However, a creative academic can probably craft a story to ``predict''
any correlation: Perhaps increasing spending on science raises its
perceived importance to society. But drawing attention to science only
serves to highlight how the US has inevitably declined in relative
stature in many fields, including science. While many Americans can
carry on notwithstanding this decline, others are less sanguine about it
and may go to extreme lengths as a result \ldots{} . This is a clearly
silly line of reasoning, but if one added some references to published
studies and fancy terminology, it would probably read a lot like the
hypothesis development sections of academic papers presented in the
empirical accounting seminars discussed by Ohlson (2023).

Sherlock Holmes claims ``it is a capital mistake to theorize before you
have all the evidence.'' (Doyle, 2001, p. 27). The modern equivalent
might be that ``it is a capital mistake to theorize before you have a
statistically significant association to `predict'\,'', as there seems
to be little value in devoting effort to predict a relation that is not
supported by the data set you have.

\hypertarget{evidence-from-the-2017-jar-rep-trial}{%
\subsection{Evidence from the 2017 JAR REP
trial}\label{evidence-from-the-2017-jar-rep-trial}}

The 2017 JAR REP trial itself provides circumstantial evidence of
p-hacking in papers produced using the TEP (i.e., almost all papers in
accounting research). Bloomfield et al. (2018, p. 326) examine the
results reported in the conference papers and conclude that ``of the 30
predictions made in the \ldots{} seven proposals, we count 10 as being
supported at \(p \leq 0.05\) by at least one of the 134 statistical
tests the authors reported.'' But this is very close to the level of
support expected if the null hypotheses for all 30 predictions were
true.\footnote{See Gow and Ding (2023a) for details of the calculation
  in support of this claim.}

This is particularly concerning in that it seems reasonable to expect
that the alternative hypotheses considered in the 2017 JAR conference
papers were deemed by the authors and reviewers to be worth pursuing
before knowing their results, which is a higher bar than applied to
hypotheses tested using the TEP. In other words, the results of the 2017
JAR conference raise the uncomfortable prospect that many results
produced by the TEP (i.e., almost all research in accounting) arise from
p-hacking and are simply false rejections of true null hypotheses.

\hypertarget{circumstantial-evidence-from-replications}{%
\subsection{Circumstantial evidence from
replications}\label{circumstantial-evidence-from-replications}}

Another source of evidence on the prevalence of p-hacking is
replications. We expect that p-hacked papers will have results that are
very fragile. By definition, p-hacked results are not expected to be
\textbf{reproducible}. That is, we would not expect the results to hold
if the same analytical procedures were applied to a new data
set.\footnote{Here I follow Hail et al. (2020) in distinguishing
  replicability from reproducibility. This is clearly related to
  Elephant \#4, which is ``Referring to the possibility of using a
  holdout sample''.}

But p-hacked results should pass the test of \textbf{replicability},
which requires that the results can be produced by other authors using
the same data sets and analytical procedures. Given that much of the
published research in accounting uses data sets that are available to
most researchers and papers typically include descriptions of the
analytical procedures used, other researchers should be able to
replicate results independently even without access to the code and data
files used by the original authors.

In practice, it seems that many papers cannot be replicated in this way,
even approximately. Ask another researcher whether she has tried to
replicate results of a published paper and you are likely to hear that
attempts have been made, but without success.\footnote{Some researchers'
  replication experiences are limited to exercises assigned during PhD
  coursework, but there is a natural selection bias with these, as many
  instructors would look to assign exercises where results can be
  reproduced.} One explanation for this difficulty is that small
departures from the choices made by the authors along the dimensions
described in Simmons et al. (2011) can lead to apparent results
disappearing (i.e., becoming statistically insignificant) and few papers
describe these choices sufficiently clearly to allow precise
replication.

I have extensive experience with attempted replication of papers. My
ill-fated PhD dissertation attempted to identify a causal mechanism
underlying the numerous results in the literature suggesting a
contracting value for firms' voluntary adoption of higher levels of
conditional conservatism. However, explaining results documented in
research is difficult when those results cannot be replicated, and
almost all replications I tried failed. Since then I have undertaken
many attempted replications in various areas and most have failed.

One explanation might be that I simply do not know how to analyse data
properly and that a more skilled researcher would be able to reproduce
published results more readily. While it is difficult to rule out this
explanation completely, I believe a significant recent project suggests
that this is not a complete explanation.

In 2021, a University of Melbourne colleague (Tony Ding) and I started
to pull together a course book (Gow and Ding, 2023b) aimed at helping
research students to develop the portfolio of skills needed to be good
researchers in accounting. As discussed in the book, a core element is
material focused on data analysis skills and we have included many
replication analyses to support this (Gow and Ding, 2023c). It seems
these replication efforts can be organized into two eras.

The first era covers 1968 through to about 1996. The striking thing
about this era is how robust the results appear to be. Like many before
us, we find that the key results of the seminal Ball and Brown (1968)
are easily replicated (Gow and Ding, 2023d), and Ball and Brown (2019)
show this is true in different markets and periods. We find that key
results of Beaver (1968) hold in any year we look at (Gow and Ding,
2023e).\footnote{Bamber et al. (2000) raise concerns about the
  reproducibility of the results in Beaver (1968), but these concerns
  that do not appear to hold in years after Beaver (1968) was published.}
Not only can we generate the core results of Bernard and Thomas (1989),
but we broadly replicate Foster (1977) along the way (Gow and Ding,
2023f). Replications of Dechow et al. (1995) and Sloan (1996) are also
successful.

The second era covers papers from the current century and reveals a
different story. Our book provides replications of numerous papers from
this era, including Zhang (2007), Fang et al. (2016), Li et al. (2018),
and Bloomfield (2021).

The first observation is that we can replicate all of the papers to some
degree. But it is important to note that our replications often benefit
from access to code and data provided by the authors. Fang et al. (2016)
posted code and data starting from original sources and continuing
through the production of (some) key results in their paper. Bloomfield
(2021) provided code under the journal's data policy.\footnote{We did
  not have access to code for Zhang (2007), but that paper is unusually
  straightforward and based on a standard data set (CRSP).}

The main purpose in selecting papers for replication in the book was
pedagogical and being able to replicate results was an important
criterion for inclusion. In some cases we were not able to replicate
papers---and authors were not responsive to requests for
assistance---that had been considered for inclusion. If authors do not
share their code and data, replication is often difficult. Most of the
authors of the papers we replicate went above and beyond the norms of
accounting research in sharing their code and data and should receive
credit for doing so. It is also important to note that there is no
reason to believe that the papers we replicated are in any way unusual
in terms of the fragility of their results. Most papers might be
similarly fragile, but without the original code and data, there is no
cost-effective way to check this.

The second observation is that the results can be very fragile. The
results in Fang et al. (2016) on earnings management are robust to some
alternative choices (see Fang et al., 2019), but less so to others. For
example, the main measure of earnings management used in Fang et al.
(2016) is one proposed by Kothari et al. (2005) that matches firms with
controls based on performance. But Kothari et al. (2005) use
contemporary performance, while Fang et al. (2016) use lagged
performance; use contemporary performance and results vanish.\footnote{See
  Black et al. (2022) for an extensive analysis of the results of Fang
  et al. (2016).} Additionally, strong arguments can be made for not
using difference-in-difference estimators and for using measures of
accruals that do not condition on post-treatment outcomes, such as total
accruals or even simply income, but all of these changes makes results
disappear.\footnote{A post-treatment outcome is a variable observed only
  after treatment. As such one cannot be sure that it is not affected by
  the treatment itself or by the outcome of interest. In either case,
  inferences can be adversely affected {[}see Rosenbaum:1984aa{]}. See
  Gow and Ding (2023a) for discussion of related design issues.}

Li et al. (2018) present evidence of firms being less forthcoming with
disclosure of customer identities after adoption of the inevitable
disclosure doctrine in the states in which they are headquartered. But
these results rely on dubious research design choices. As discussed in
Gow and Ding (2023g), almost any deviation from these choices causes
results to disappear.

Bloomfield (2021, p. 869) claims to ``use the IV approach from Iliev
(2010)'' in implementing a regression discontinuity design (RDD), but
actually does not.\footnote{The setting of Iliev (2010) and Bloomfield
  (2021) is a ``fuzzy RDD'' setting requiring use of instrumental
  variable (IV) to obtain consistent estimates of the causal effect of
  the treatment of interest. Accordingly, Iliev (2010, p. 1179)
  implements RDD using instrumental variable (IV) regressions including
  ``linear, quadratic, and cubic terms'' of the running variable. In
  contrast, Bloomfield (2021) does not present IV regression results at
  all, replacing Iliev (2010)'s approach with OLS
  difference-in-difference regressions using the instrument and firm
  fixed effects. Iliev (2010, p. 1179) reports first-stage regression
  results in support of his instrument, while Bloomfield (2021) does not
  present such analyses. Differences in sample periods mean that the
  instrument is plausibly weaker in Bloomfield (2021) than in Iliev
  (2010), and the analysis in Gow and Ding (2023h) suggests that this is
  indeed true.} Replacing the analysis of Bloomfield (2021) with a
conventional IV-based RDD analysis causes results to vanish.\footnote{See
  Gow and Ding (2023h) for details. It is not clear whether more closely
  implementing the approach of ``the IV approach from Iliev (2010)''
  would yield statistically significant results in support of Bloomfield
  (2021)'s hypotheses, but given developments since Iliev (2010) such as
  Gelman and Imbens (2019), it is not clear that Iliev (2010) is
  consistent with current standard approaches to RDD.}

In short, none of the papers replicated in our book in the second era is
anything but extremely fragile, just as we would expect p-hacked results
to be.\footnote{It is important to caveat that I do not claim to have
  proven that any one of these papers \emph{is} a p-hacked paper. Direct
  evidence of p-hacking is general impossible to come by and p-hacking
  is something more easily inferred for an area of research than for a
  single paper (Ioannidis, 2005).} If other papers where authors do not
provide detailed code and data are similarly fragile, then we would not
expect to be able to replicate their results, as minor deviations from
the data and analytical procedures of the original authors are likely to
lead to null results. Thus p-hacking provides an explanation for the
difficulty many researchers have in replicating results in published
papers.

Combining the evidence above with the concerns raised by Ohlson (2023)
and it seems difficult to distinguish much of contemporaneous accounting
research from what you would see if p-hacking were the modus operandi of
most researchers.

\hypertarget{what-to-do}{%
\section{What to do?}\label{what-to-do}}

If p-hacking is as prevalent as it seems to be, the natural question is
what, if anything, can be done about it. Before addressing this, it is
important to note how pernicious p-hacking is to the value of research.
If all research is p-hacked, then we should simply ignore research, as
p-hacking does not produce information of value other that insights into
the p-hacking skills of the authors.\footnote{Of course, information
  about the p-hacking skills of the authors is arguably relevant if the
  ability to produce published papers is the sole research-related
  criterion for evaluating a researcher, as it is at many institutions.}

Some researchers appear to recognize the prevalence of p-hacking, yet
remain sanguine about the research enterprise. For example, one senior
researcher broadly agrees with my assessment about p-hacking, but argues
``there are some solid researchers doing some interesting papers.'' But
it is important to understand that if, say, 80\% of research is
p-hacked, that one cannot simply read the 20\% that is not p-hacked and
ignore the rest. If it were easy to detect the p-hacked papers, we could
simply avoid publishing them.

That said, I argue there are steps that could be taken to reduce
p-hacking to an extent that research in aggregate might again have some
value. In this section, I discuss four ideas for addressing concerns
about p-hacking.

\hypertarget{reject-papers-that-ask-silly-questions}{%
\subsection{Reject papers that ask silly
questions}\label{reject-papers-that-ask-silly-questions}}

Accounting academics appear to adore ``novelty'', where novelty often
means asking questions that no-one has even dreamed of asking before.
This is problematic for two reasons. First, if questions are so novel
that no-one has asked them, how can they be important? Second, the
ability to simply make up ``interesting'' research questions is a
p-hacker's dream.\footnote{Think ``What is effect of the decline in US
  science on suicide rates?'' as a paper title based on the correlation
  from Tyler Vigen's website that I discussed above.}

Too often the bar seems to be ``has someone {[}in prior research{]}
asked this question before?'' and if the answer is ``no'' then the
novelty bar has been cleared. But, after more than 50 years of modern
empirical accounting research, the fact that no-one has asked a question
should in most cases be a strike \emph{against} a paper, not for it. If
no-one has addressed the question, then it is perhaps because no-one
cares what the answer is. If editors adopted a policy of desk-rejecting
papers that ask silly questions, the pay-off to p-hacking would decline
significantly.

Of course, one reason for researchers needing to seek out smaller and
smaller questions is simply the weight of prior research. Going first,
researchers such as Ball and Brown (1968) and Beaver (1968) could pick
the ``low-hanging fruit'' of more fundamental questions of the
discipline, and test alternative hypotheses that were more likely to be
true and hence easier to demonstrate empirically. Later researchers were
left to to explore the questions that remain. As such, it is perhaps
``unfair'' to compare research in the period from, say, 2000 to today
with that in the period 1968--1999.

But this argument would suggest that, as research progresses, we should
be seeing more and more papers with null results, either because the
alternative hypotheses tested are less likely to be true or because the
empirical challenges faced in demonstrating them are greater. This seems
inconsistent with the reality that almost all published papers have
``results'', either ruling out the unfairness or suggesting that
researchers compensate for the smallness of the (apparent) phenomena
they study by simply looking harder (i.e., p-hacking).

\hypertarget{increase-emphasis-on-replication}{%
\subsection{Increase emphasis on
replication}\label{increase-emphasis-on-replication}}

We saw above that being able to replicate papers such as Fang et al.
(2016) and Li et al. (2018) makes it easy to see just how fragile their
results are. If it were easy to replicate papers, then the incentives
for p-hacking might be dramatically reduced, as it would be easy to
raise doubts about papers with the very fragile results that p-hacking
usually produces. One would hope that papers shown to be extremely
fragile would be regarded as less reliable, and thus less likely to
cited or to be evaluated positively by peers after publication, thereby
reducing incentives for their production.\footnote{Note that this
  reduction in incentives for producing p-hacked papers would be much
  reduced for researchers whose incentives focus on the number of papers
  produced, whether those papers are cited or regarded highly. Such
  incentives are created by many institutions around the world,
  including my current one.} Unfortunately, the salutary effects that
replications can have on incentives for p-hacking are much diminished
for a number of reasons.

First, replication is a costly exercise. Most empirical researchers
already spend a large portion of their research time in the critical
pre-tenure phase of their careers writing code to analyse data.
Independently replicating others' papers is likely to be considered a
poor use of very limited time. And, as discussed above, a typical
replication conducted without some cooperation from the original authors
is likely to yield differences in results that are difficult to explain,
requiring exhaustive checks and iterations to understand them.

While one solution to this issue is for authors to supply the data and
code needed to replicate their results, very few authors do so. Authors
have essentially no incentive to provide data and code voluntarily. Once
a paper has been published, there is really only downside from sharing
code and data for an author focused on publishing papers, as the results
might be due to coding errors or fragile. Thus authors have a natural
incentive to make replication difficult.

On top of this lack of positive incentives is the reality that most
researchers appear to be poor in organizing their code and that
significant costs would need to be incurred to prepare code and data for
sharing.\footnote{This is likely to be especially true when results are
  derived from the often messy process of p-hacking.}

In the absence of incentives for voluntary disclosure of code, some kind
of requirement for sharing seems necessary. However, only one of the top
three accounting journals (\emph{Journal of Accounting Research})
imposes
\href{https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/page/journal/1475679x/homepage/ForAuthors.html}{requirements}
for data and code, but even then these requirements rarely yield files
that permit easy replication of tables found in papers.\footnote{The
  \emph{Journal of Accounting and Economics} merely
  ``\href{https://www.elsevier.com/journals/journal-of-accounting-and-economics/0165-4101/guide-for-authors}{encourages}''
  authors to share replication files. And there is nothing on this issue
  in the
  \href{https://meridian.allenpress.com/DocumentLibrary/AAAN/TAR_Editorial_Policy.pdf}{editorial
  policy} of \emph{The Accounting Review}, which does not appear to
  provide any support for such sharing.}

There are two steps that journals could take to enhance the credibility
of results. First, journals could step up the data and code requirements
for published papers. While the \emph{Journal of Accounting Research} is
a clear leader in this regard among top accounting-focused journals,
there is plenty of room for improvement. Journals in other disciplines
have gone further and there is some hope that these could influence best
practices in accounting research. For example, \emph{Management
Science}, a broader management journal that has an accounting
department, has a much more rigorous policy for code and data disclosure
policy than any of the specialist accounting journals (Management
Science, 2019). Under the \emph{Management Science} policy, ``all papers
using code or data \ldots{} must provide replication materials which
need to be approved by the Code and Data Editor'' (see Simchi-Levi,
2023). The policies adopted by \emph{Management Science} are closely
modelled on those of the
\href{https://www.aeaweb.org/journals/policies/data-availability-policy}{American
Economic Association} and the
\emph{\href{https://www.afajof.org/resource/resmgr/files/Submission_docs/CodePolicy.pdf}{Journal
of Finance}}.

Second, journals could publish replications of papers when these provide
insights on the questions in the original papers. For example, Guest
(2021) identified ``six discrepancies in \ldots{} reporting, coding, and
data'' in replicating a previously published paper. The \emph{Journal of
Finance} published the replication and retracted the original paper.
Because journals generally do not publish replications or corrections,
there is essentially no incentive to produce these in a world where
counting published papers is a dominant (often the only)
research-related performance measure. More recently, the \emph{American
Economic Review} published a comment on a paper that was then retracted
(Bach et al., 2023).

\hypertarget{decrease-emphasis-on-identification-strategies}{%
\subsection{Decrease emphasis on ``identification
strategies''}\label{decrease-emphasis-on-identification-strategies}}

It is widely understood that accounting research has become increasingly
concerned about ``identification strategies'' in recent years.
Identification strategies---to use the term in common use---seek to
enhance the credibility of causal inferences in empirical research by
exploiting features of the research setting and purportedly appropriate
statistical techniques.\footnote{For example, researchers might seek to
  use complex fixed-effect structures, natural experiments, instrumental
  variables, or RDD.} By focusing on identification strategies,
accounting research may have reduced its immunity to p-hacking. The
apparent obsession with papers with ``clever'' identification strategies
seems to have led to a new kind of p-hacking in which a researcher
starts with the identification strategy (often drawn from finance and
economics) and then seeks statistically significant results using
outcomes popular in accounting research, such as earnings management or
voluntary disclosure.

The extremely fragile results of Fang et al. (2016) and Li et al. (2018)
seem to be plausible candidate illustrations of this phenomenon. Fang et
al. (2016) exploits the random assignment of elimination of
short-selling restrictions, but so do 60 other papers exploring
``indirect effects'' of these restrictions in a setting where little or
no evidence of direct effects was found.

Apart from the potential inducement of p-hacking, concerns about the
obsession with identification strategies in accounting research are
increased when one considers the credibility of these strategies in
practice. Many papers simply use difference-in-difference
regressions---perhaps including ``fixed effects''---which rely on the
``assume a can-opener'' assumption of ``parallel trends''.\footnote{This
  assumption maintains that, in the absence of treatment, the difference
  in outcome between treatment and control observations is constant over
  time. I label this an ``assume a can-opener'' assumption because its
  justification comes from the benefits of making it for causal
  inference and not at all from any underlying economic rationale for
  it. See Gow and Ding (2023a) for discussion of the general
  implausibility of the ``parallel trends'' assumption.} Papers use
instrumental variables, even though it's doubtful that any valid
instruments exist in accounting research.\footnote{See Gow and Ding
  (2023i) for more on this point.} Papers in accounting research that
claim to use RDD generally do not.\footnote{See Gow and Ding (2023h) for
  a recent survey of the use of RDD in accounting research.}

\hypertarget{incorporate-discussion-of-p-hacking-into-research-training}{%
\subsection{Incorporate discussion of p-hacking into research
training}\label{incorporate-discussion-of-p-hacking-into-research-training}}

One hopes that accounting research training has not ``evolved'' to the
point that PhD students are being taught how to do p-hacking. Instead,
students learn about p-hacking ``on the job'' in a sense. Understanding
the importance of ``results'', students learn to exercise researcher
degrees of freedom in ways that eventually yield the ``stars'' denoting
``statistically significant'' coefficients. Given these incentives, it
seems important that the problems with p-hacking are addressed more
forthrightly in training PhD students.

In this regard, the recent explosion of high-quality material on
research methods is somewhat disappointing. Recent years have seen the
emergence of high-quality resources for students looking to understand
causal inference using observational data, including Angrist and Pischke
(2008), Angrist and Pischke (2014), Cunningham (2021), and
Huntington-Klein (2021). While these are excellent resources for helping
researchers to understand subtle issues not explicitly addressed by more
traditional texts, none of them even touches on the topic of p-hacking.
We offer an initial attempt to incorporate this topic into a PhD
curriculum in our course book and hope that others find ways to build
content on this topic into their PhD curricula so as to raise awareness
of these issues (Gow and Ding, 2023g).

Beyond helping aspiring researchers to understand the issues with
p-hacking, there are a number of complementary skills that could benefit
from more attention in research training, especially skills related to
management of code and data and research collaboration.

One opportunity would be educating students on approaches to retention
of data and code. For example, as ``the authors were unable to provide
the original data and code requested by the publisher that reproduce
{[}their{]} findings'' of the paper, Bird and Karolyi (2019) was
retracted by \emph{The Accounting Review}. Loss of data and code can be
addressed in a number of such ways, including the use of cloud services
such as \href{https://www.dropbox.com}{Dropbox} or
\href{https://drive.google.com}{Google Drive}.

Another issue is coding errors. Simchi-Levi (2023) notes that ``errors
in code'' were discovered in 22\% of the replication packages submitted
to \emph{Management Science}. This likely represents an under-estimate
given the limited scope of the replication effort and need to maintain
quick turnaround times.\footnote{There is no breakdown of these
  statistics by department, so it is not clear whether this is higher or
  lower with accounting papers.} Yet it is also perhaps unsurprising. As
discussed in Gow and Ding (2023c), most doctoral programs provide very
little training related to coding practices despite the importance of
such skills for modern empirical researchers. Incorporation of better
training on coding practices may help to reduce coding errors, thereby
yielding research that is both more correct and easier to
replicate.\footnote{That the research community is relatively
  understanding about coding errors perhaps explains efforts by
  researchers to attribute issues in their papers to ``coding errors''.
  For example, the code repository for Boissel and Matray (2022)
  included the line
  \texttt{replace\ B\ =\ B/1.8\ if\ t\textgreater{}-3\&t\textless{}0}.
  This code modifies two coefficients in a way enhances a plot used to
  support a claim of ``parallel trends''. While the responding author
  attributes this to a ``coding error'' it is difficult to imagine what
  the correct version of this line of code would be. The ``coding
  error'' in Bao et al. (2020) differs from that in Boissel and Matray
  (2022) in a number of respects. First, no code containing the claimed
  error was provided. Second, producing code with this issue
  accidentally seems even less plausible than with the line above from
  Boissel and Matray (2022; see Gow, 2022 for an attempt to replicate
  the ``coding error''). Third, the authors' efforts to attribute the
  issue to a ``coding error'' is belied by earlier efforts to suggest it
  was an appropriate research design choice (Bao et al., 2021).}

A modern empirical research paper often resembles a software development
project, with small collaborative teams, a need for version control, and
the demonstrated potential for coding errors. As such, accounting
researchers might benefit from drawing on tools and approaches used by
software developers. In some cases coding errors have been made by one
author whose code has not been seen by others. In other cases, the
source of the error is difficult to identify (a ``coding error'' can
have different valence if made by a research assistant rather than a
motivated co-author). Collaborative tools such as Git can be adapted to
social science research. With a shared Git repository it becomes easier
to do code reviews and to ensure that data has not been
manipulated.\footnote{For example, raw data files from MTurk might be
  committed to a repository by an RA before any analysis is undertaken.}
There appears to be some irony in a research field that often examines
control systems itself having control systems without audit trails,
separation of duties, or robust review processes.

\hypertarget{encourage-more-descriptive-research}{%
\subsection{Encourage more descriptive
research}\label{encourage-more-descriptive-research}}

Gow et al. (2016, p. 499) point out that ``there are very few studies
published in top accounting journals that focus on providing detailed
descriptions of institutions in accounting research settings'' and
document that the vast majority of empirical accounting papers focus on
providing causal inference, notwithstanding all the difficulties widely
understood to be faced by that endeavour. This focus on causal inference
is accompanied by a desire to find ``positive'' results, which provides
the incentives for p-hacking I have discussed.

In arguing that ``accounting research can benefit substantially from
more in-depth descriptive research'', Gow et al. (2016, p. 499) suggest
that ``this type of research is essential to improve our understanding
of causal mechanisms and {[}to{]} develop structural models.'' An
additional benefit of such descriptive research is that it would enhance
the understanding of the research community of how the real world works,
making it more difficult to pass off p-hacked results that are not
consistent with actual business practices.

\hypertarget{concluding-comments}{%
\section{Concluding comments}\label{concluding-comments}}

Ohlson (2023) draws on his experience in empirical accounting seminars
to identify five ``elephants in the room''. I interpret each of these
elephants as either a variant or a symptom of p-hacking. I provide
evidence of the prevalence of p-hacking in accounting research that
complements the observations made by Ohlson (2023).

While I identify a number of steps that could be taken to reduce
p-hacking in accounting research, I conjecture that facilitating and
encouraging replication alone could have profound effects on the quality
and quantity of empirical accounting research.

\hypertarget{sec-other-elephants}{%
\section{Appendix: The other elephants}\label{sec-other-elephants}}

Above I explained that the basic Elephant \#5 of Ohlson (2023) (``Issues
Related to `Screen-Picking' and `Data-Snooping'\,'') is synonymous with
p-hacking. For completeness, I close this paper with a brief discussion
of how the other four elephants also reflect concerns with p-hacking.

Elephant \#1 (``Referring to the Absence of a Fama-MacBeth Analysis'')
is likely to be seen when researchers are reluctant to adjust their
standard errors in ways that make results disappear (see Gow et al.,
2010 for discussion of approaches to calculating standard errors in
accounting research).

Elephant \#2 (``Asking whether a Key Right-Hand-Side (RHS) Variable
Contributes to Explaining the Dependent Variable'') and \#3 (``It Takes
More than Stars to Settle the Matter'') both raise uncomfortable
questions when the results are p-hacked, as the explanatory value of the
independent variable is likely to be low and the economic significance
of any apparent relation is likely to be small when the sample is large.

Elephant \#4 (``Referring to the Possibility of Using a Holdout
Sample'') is also an awkward idea when a paper is based on p-hacked
results, as we do not expect those results to hold in a new sample,
pretty much by definition. Here Ohlson (2023) is effectively discussing
the idea of replication by the authors of the paper themselves.

\hypertarget{references}{%
\section*{References}\label{references}}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{References}

\hypertarget{refs}{}
\begin{CSLReferences}{1}{0}
\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Angrist:2014aa}{}}%
Angrist, J.D., Pischke, J.-S., 2014.
\href{https://books.google.com/books?id=dEh-BAAAQBAJ}{Mastering
'metrics: The path from cause to effect}. Princeton University Press.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Angrist:2008vk}{}}%
Angrist, J.D., Pischke, J.-S., 2008. Mostly harmless econometrics: An
empiricist's companion. Princeton University Press.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Bach:2023aa}{}}%
Bach, L., Bozio, A., Guillouzouic, A., Malgouyres, C., 2023. Dividend
taxes and the allocation of capital: comment. American Economic Review
Forthcoming. \url{https://doi.org/10.1257/aer.20221432}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Ball:2019wu}{}}%
Ball, R., Brown, P., 2019. {B}all and {B}rown (1968) after fifty years.
Pacific-Basin Finance Journal 53, 410--431.
\url{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.pacfin.2018.12.008}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Ball:1968ub}{}}%
Ball, R., Brown, P., 1968. An empirical evaluation of accounting income
numbers. Journal of Accounting Research 6, 159--178.
\url{https://doi.org/10.2307/2490232}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Bamber:2000wv}{}}%
Bamber, L.S., Christensen, T.E., Gaver, K.M., 2000. Do we really
{``know''} what we think we know? A case study of seminal research and
its subsequent overgeneralization. Accounting, Organizations and Society
25, 103--129. \url{https://doi.org/10.1016/S0361-3682(99)00027-6}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Bao:2021}{}}%
Bao, Y., Ke, B., Li, B., Yu, Y.J., Zhang, J., 2021.
\href{https://econjwatch.org/articles/a-response-to-critique-of-an-article-on-machine-learning-in-the-detection-of-accounting-fraud}{A
response to {``critique of an article on machine learning in the
detection of accounting fraud''}}. Econ Journal Watch 18, 71--78.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Bao:2020aa}{}}%
Bao, Y., Ke, B., Li, B., Yu, Y.J., Zhang, J., 2020. Detecting accounting
fraud in publicly traded {U.S.} Firms using a machine learning approach.
Journal of Accounting Research 58, 199--235.
\url{https://doi.org/10.1111/1475-679X.12292}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Beaver:1968vf}{}}%
Beaver, W.H., 1968. The information content of annual earnings
announcements. Journal of Accounting Research 6, 67--92.
\url{https://doi.org/10.2307/2490070}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Bernard:1989uu}{}}%
Bernard, V.L., Thomas, J.K., 1989. Post-earnings-announcement drift:
Delayed price response or risk premium? Journal of Accounting Research
27, 1--36. \url{https://doi.org/10.2307/2491062}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Bird:2019aa}{}}%
Bird, A., Karolyi, S.A., 2019. Retraction: Governance and taxes:
Evidence from regression discontinuity. The Accounting Review 000--000.
\url{https://doi.org/10.2308/1558-7967-92.1.000}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Black:2022tz}{}}%
Black, B.S., Desai, H., Litvak, K., Yoo, W., Yu, J.J., 2022. The {SEC}'s
short-sale experiment: Evidence on causal channels and on the importance
of specification choice in randomized and natural experiments.
\url{https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.3657196}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Bloomfield:2021va}{}}%
Bloomfield, M.J., 2021. The asymmetric effect of reporting flexibility
on priced risk. Journal of Accounting Research 59, 867--910.
\url{https://doi.org/10.1111/1475-679X.12346}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Bloomfield:2018va}{}}%
Bloomfield, R., Rennekamp, K., Steenhoven, B., 2018. No system is
perfect: Understanding how registration-based editorial processes affect
reproducibility and investment in research quality. Journal of
Accounting Research 56, 313--362.
\url{https://doi.org/10.1177/0956797611417632}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Boissel:2022aa}{}}%
Boissel, C., Matray, A., 2022. Dividend taxes and the allocation of
capital. American Economic Review 112, 2884--2920.
\url{https://doi.org/10.1257/aer.20210369}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Chambers:2014aa}{}}%
Chambers, C.D., Feredoes, E., Muthukumaraswamy, S.D., Etchells, P.J.,
2014. Instead of "playing the game" it is time to change the rules:
Registered reports at {AIMS Neuroscience} and beyond. {AIMS
Neuroscience} 1, 4--17.
\url{https://doi.org/10.3934/neuroscience.2014.1.4}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Cunningham:2021vk}{}}%
Cunningham, S., 2021. Causal inference: The mixtape. Yale University
Press.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Dechow:1995wr}{}}%
Dechow, P.M., Sloan, R.G., Sweeney, A.P., 1995. Detecting earnings
management. The Accounting Review 70, 193--225.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Doyle:2001aa}{}}%
Doyle, A.C., 2001.
\href{https://books.google.com/books?id=xN2lK7oPTjYC}{A study in
scarlet}, Classics series. Penguin Publishing Group.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Fang:2016uy}{}}%
Fang, V.W., Huang, A.H., Karpoff, J.M., 2016. Short selling and earnings
management: A controlled experiment. The Journal of Finance 71,
1251--1294. \url{https://doi.org/10.1111/jofi.12369}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Fang:2019tt}{}}%
Fang, V.W., Huang, A., Karpoff, J.M., 2019. Reply to 'the {Reg SHO}
reanalysis project: Reconsidering {Fang, Huang and Karpoff} (2016) on
{Reg SHO} and earnings management' by {Black et al.} (2019).
\url{https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.3507033}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Foster:1977wy}{}}%
Foster, G., 1977. Quarterly accounting data: Time-series properties and
predictive-ability results. The Accounting Review 52, 1--21.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Gelman:2019ws}{}}%
Gelman, andrew, Imbens, G., 2019.
\href{https://doi.org/10.1080/07350015.2017.1366909}{Why high-order
polynomials should not be used in regression discontinuity designs}.
Journal of Business \& Economic Statistics 37, 447--456.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Gow:2022ab}{}}%
Gow, I.D., 2022. Should bao et al. (2020) be retracted? {SSRN}
Electronic Journal. \url{https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.4246151}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-far_book_24}{}}%
Gow, I.D., Ding, T.T., 2023h.
\href{https://iangow.github.io/far_book/regression-discontinuity-designs.html}{Regression
discontinuity designs}, in: Empirical Research in Accounting: Tools and
Methods.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-far_book_22}{}}%
Gow, I.D., Ding, T.T., 2023i.
\href{https://iangow.github.io/far_book/iv.html}{Instrumental
variables}, in: Empirical Research in Accounting: Tools and Methods.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-far_book_21}{}}%
Gow, I.D., Ding, T.T., 2023a.
\href{https://iangow.github.io/far_book/natural-revisited.html}{Natural
experiments revisited}, in: Empirical Research in Accounting: Tools and
Methods.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-far_book_23}{}}%
Gow, I.D., Ding, T.T., 2023g.
\href{https://iangow.github.io/far_book/panel-data.html}{Panel data},
in: Empirical Research in Accounting: Tools and Methods.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-far_book_13}{}}%
Gow, I.D., Ding, T.T., 2023d.
\href{https://iangow.github.io/far_book/bb68.html}{{B}all and {B}rown
(1968)}, in: Empirical Research in Accounting: Tools and Methods.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-far_book_14}{}}%
Gow, I.D., Ding, T.T., 2023e.
\href{https://iangow.github.io/far_book/beaver68.html}{Beaver (1968)},
in: Empirical Research in Accounting: Tools and Methods.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-far_book_16}{}}%
Gow, I.D., Ding, T.T., 2023f.
\href{https://iangow.github.io/far_book/pead.html}{Post-earnings
announcement drift}, in: Empirical Research in Accounting: Tools and
Methods.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-far_book_1}{}}%
Gow, I.D., Ding, T.T., 2023c.
\href{https://iangow.github.io/far_book/intro.html}{Introduction}, in:
Empirical Research in Accounting: Tools and Methods.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Gow:2022aa}{}}%
Gow, I.D., Ding, T.T., 2023b.
\href{https://iangow.github.io/far_book}{Empirical research in
accounting: Tools and methods}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Gow:2016kn}{}}%
Gow, I.D., Larcker, D.F., Reiss, P.C., 2016. Causal inference in
accounting research. Journal of Accounting Research 54, 477--523.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Gow:2010ub}{}}%
Gow, I.D., Ormazabal, G., Taylor, D.J., 2010.
\href{http://www.jstor.org/stable/20744139}{Correcting for
cross-sectional and time-series dependence in accounting research}. The
Accounting Review 85, 483--512.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Guest:2021aa}{}}%
Guest, P.M., 2021. Risk management in financial institutions: A
replication. The Journal of Finance 76, 2689--2707.
\url{https://doi.org/10.1111/jofi.13063}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Hail:2020aa}{}}%
Hail, L., Lang, M., Leuz, C., 2020. Reproducibility in accounting
research: Views of the research community. Journal of Accounting
Research 58, 519--543. \url{https://doi.org/10.1111/1475-679X.12305}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Harvey:2017ux}{}}%
Harvey, C.R., 2017. Presidential address: The scientific outlook in
financial economics. The Journal of Finance 72, 1399--1440.
\url{https://doi.org/10.1111/jofi.12530}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Huntington-Klein:2021aa}{}}%
Huntington-Klein, N., 2021.
\href{https://books.google.com/books?id=f0NOEAAAQBAJ}{The effect: An
introduction to research design and causality}. CRC Press.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Iliev:2010ic}{}}%
Iliev, P., 2010. The effect of {SOX Section} 404: Costs, earnings
quality, and stock prices. The Journal of Finance 65, 1163--1196.
\url{https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1540-6261.2010.01564.x}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Ioannidis:2005aa}{}}%
Ioannidis, J.P.A., 2005. Why most published research findings are false.
{PLoS} Medicine 2, e124.
\url{https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pmed.0020124}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Kothari:2005aa}{}}%
Kothari, S.P., Leone, A.J., Wasley, C.E., 2005. Performance matched
discretionary accrual measures. Journal of Accounting and Economics 39,
163--197. \url{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jacceco.2004.11.002}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Li:2018tj}{}}%
Li, Y., Lin, Y., Zhang, L., 2018. Trade secrets law and corporate
disclosure: Causal evidence on the proprietary cost hypothesis. Journal
of Accounting Research 56, 265--308.
\url{https://doi.org/10.1111/1475-679X.12187}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-MS:2019}{}}%
Management Science, 2019.
\href{https://pubsonline.informs.org/page/mnsc/datapolicy}{Policy for
data and code disclosure}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Ohlson:2023aa}{}}%
Ohlson, J.A., 2023. Empirical accounting seminars: Elephants in the
room. Accounting, Economics, and Law: A Convivium 0.
\url{https://doi.org/10.1515/ael-2021-0067}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Simchi-Levi:2023aa}{}}%
Simchi-Levi, D., 2023.
\href{https://www.informs.org/Blogs/ManSci-Blogs/From-the-Editor}{From
the editor}. Managemenet Science.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Simmons:2018}{}}%
Simmons, J.P., 2018.
\href{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wDwcp1EwNM}{Life after
p-hacking}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Simmons:2011ux}{}}%
Simmons, J.P., Nelson, L.D., Simonsohn, U., 2011. False-positive
psychology: Undisclosed flexibility in data collection and analysis
allows presenting anything as significant. Psychological Science 22,
1359--1366. \url{https://doi.org/10.1177/0956797611417632}

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Sloan:1996wd}{}}%
Sloan, R.G., 1996. Do stock prices fully reflect information in accruals
and cash flows about future earnings? The Accounting Review 71,
289--315.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Wigglesworth:2021aa}{}}%
Wigglesworth, R., 2021.
\href{https://www.ft.com/content/9025393f-76da-4b8f-9436-4341485c75d0?shareType=nongift}{The
hidden {``replication crisis''} of finance}. Financial Times.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-wiki:elephant}{}}%
Wikipedia, 2023.
\href{https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blind_men_and_an_elephant}{Blind men
and an elephant}.

\leavevmode\vadjust pre{\hypertarget{ref-Zhang:2007tv}{}}%
Zhang, I.X., 2007. Economic consequences of the {Sarbanes-Oxley Act} of
2002. Journal of Accounting and Economics 44, 74--115.
\url{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jacceco.2007.02.002}

\end{CSLReferences}



\end{document}
